Interface Documentation rewrite (#359)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/interface.md

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds, ManifoldsBase]
Pages = ["exp_log_geo.jl"]
Order = [:function]
```

### Retractions and inverse Retractions

The exponential and logarithmic map might be too expensive to evaluate or not be available in a very stable numerical way. Retractions provide a possibly cheap, fast and stable alternative.

The following figure compares the exponential map [`exp`](@ref)`(M, p, X)` on the [`Circle`](@ref)`(ℂ)` (or [`Sphere`](@ref)`(1)` embedded in $ℝ^2$ with one possible retraction, the one based on projections. Note especially that ``\mathrm{dist}(p,q)=\lVert X\rVert_p`` while this is not the case for ``q'``.

![A comparson of the exponential map and a retraction on the Circle.](assets/images/retraction_illustration_600.png)

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds, ManifoldsBase]
Pages = ["retractions.jl"]
Order = [:function]
```

To distinguish different types of retractions, the last argument of the (inverse) retraction
specifies a type. The following ones are available.

```@autodocs
Modules = [Manifolds, ManifoldsBase]
Pages = ["retractions.jl"]
Order = [:type]
```

> ### Projections

Reviewer: It may also make sense to illustrate projections on Rotations (even 2D ones) since it's noticeably different.

Author: Can you elaborate a little on this? At first glance I don‘t see how that‘s different – and also I would not want to clutter this too much. It is illustrating one difference (project tangent and project point), so maybe the rotation projection could also be done over on the rotations tutorial or on the rotations manifold page?

Reviewer: Yes, maybe that's not the best place to explain fine details. The reason I wrote about Rotations is that tangent vectors to rotations are represented in the Lie algebra at identity. Currently rotation to that tangent space (i.e. representation change) is not performed, so I don't think tangent vector projection for rotations is the pushforward of point projections.

Author: oh, if so, a change to the Lie group presentation should be performed, yes (if that has a different representation) but sure there it is a little different, also the parallel transport is (due to the representation, and just the representation) the identity.

Reviewer: The issue is already tracked in https://github.com/JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl/issues/360 so we can leave it for another PR.

Author: Perfect, cool.

Let‘s keep the circle in mind in the following as a simple example.
For the general case see of explicitly stating an embedding and/or distinguising several, different embeddings, see [Embedded Manifolds](@ref EmbeddedmanifoldSec) below.

To make this a little more concrete, let‘s assume we have a manifold ``\mathcal M`` which is embedded in some manifold ``\mathcal N`` and the image ``i(\mathcal M)`` of the embedding function ``i`` is a closed set (with respect to the topology on ``\mathcal N``). Then we can do two kinds of projections.

To make this concrete in an example for the Circle ``\mathcal M=\mathcal C := \{ p ∈ ℂ | |p| = 1\}``
the embedding can be chosen to be the manifold ``N = ℂ`` and due to our representation of ``\mathcal C`` as complex numbers already, we have ``i(p) = p`` the identity as the embedding function.

1. Given a point ``p∈\mathcal N`` we can look for the closest point on the manifold ``\mathcal M`` formally as

```math
  \operatorname*{arg\,min}_{q\in \mathcal M} d_{\mathcal N}(i(q),p)
```

And this resulting ``q`` we call the projection of ``p`` onto the manifold ``\mathcal M``.

> 2. Given a point ``p∈\mathcal M`` and a vector in ``X\inT_{i(p)}\mathcal N`` in the embedding we can similarly look for the closest point to ``Y∈ T_p\mathcal M`` using the push forward ``i_*`` of the embedding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Given a point ``p∈\mathcal M`` and a vector in ``X\inT_{i(p)}\mathcal N`` in the embedding we can similarly look for the closest point to ``Y∈ T_p\mathcal M`` using the pushforward ``i_*`` of the embedding.
```
We currently have a different notation for pushforward: https://juliamanifolds.github.io/Manifolds.jl/stable/misc/notation.html .

Author: Oh, indeed, I will change those, I somehow missed the notation difference (and recently used this one).
